Update articles: How routing works & code splitting & first edit (#395)
sharetribe/flex-docs: src/docs/ftw-routing/how-routing-works-in-ftw/index.md

FTW uses [React Router](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web) for
creating routes to different pages. React Router is a collection of
navigational components that allow single-page apps to create routing as
a part of the normal rendering flow of the React app. So, instead of
defining on the server what gets rendered when a user goes to URL
_"somemarketplace.com/about"_, we just catch all the path combinations
and let the app define what page gets rendered.

## React Router setup

### Route configuration

FTW has a quite straightforward routing setup - there's just one file
you need to check before you link to existing routes or start creating
new routes to static pages: _src/routeConfiguration.js_.

There we have imported all the page-level components dynamically using

> [Loadable Components](https://loadable-components.com/). In addition,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Loadable Components](https://loadable-components.com/) to enable code splitting (+ link to the article?). In addition,
```

(`authPage: 'LoginPage'`) before the user can see the content of the
_"ManageListingsPage"_ route.

There's also a _loadData_ function defined. It is a special function
that gets called if a page needs to fetch more data (e.g. from the
Marketplace API) after redirecting to that route. We'll open up this
concept in the [Loading data](#loading-data) section below.

In addition to these configurations, there's also a rarely used
_setInitialValues_ function that could be defined and passed to a route:

```js
{
  path: '/l/:slug/:id/checkout',
  name: 'CheckoutPage',
  auth: true,
  component: CheckoutPage,
  setInitialValues: pageDataLoadingAPI.CheckoutPage.setInitialValues,
},
```

This function gets called when some page wants to pass forward some
extra data before redirecting a user to that page. For example, we could
ask booking dates on ListingPage and initialize CheckoutPage state with
that data before a customer is redirected to CheckoutPage.

Both _loadData_ and _setInitialValues_ functions are part of Redux data
flow. They are defined in page-specific SomePage.duck.js files and
exported through _src/containers/pageDataLoadingAPI.js_.

> ### How FTW renders a router with routeConfiguration.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How FTW renders a route with routeConfiguration.js
```

> The aforementioned route configuration is used in _src/app.js_. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The route configuration is used in _src/app.js_. For
```

Not that word again! :D

that there's a
[security issue](https://mathiasbynens.github.io/rel-noopener/) that can
be exploited when a site is linking to external resources.
**ExternalLink** component has some safety measures to prevent those. We
recommend that all the external links are created using _ExternalLink_
component instead of directly writing `<a>` anchors.

```jsx
// Bad pattern: <a href="externalsite.com">External site</a>
// Recommended pattern:
<ExternalLink href="externalsite.com">External site</ExternalLink>
```

## Loading data

If a page component needs to fetch data, it can be done as a part of
navigation. A page-level component has a related modular Redux file with

> a naming pattern: PageName.ducks.js. To connect the data loading with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a naming pattern: PageName.duck.js. To connect the data loading with
```

> navigation, there needs to be a static function called _loadData_ in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
navigation, there needs to be an exported function called _loadData_ in
```

};
```

Note: **loadData** function needs to be separately mapped in
routeConfiguration.js and to do that those data loading functions are
collected into pageDataLoadingAPI.js file.

```shell
└── src
    └── containers
        └── pageDataLoadingAPI.js
```

## Loading the code that renders a new page

FTW templates use route-based code splitting. Different pages are split

> away from the main JavaScript code bundle and those page-specific code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
away from the main code bundle and those page-specific code
```

There's also the CSS chunks, so no need to be that explicit here.
